Right.
So we talked about in the last video how storing Stipe was a bad idea hit because you'll often end up
struggling to keep you stored value up to date.
So how do we go about fixing this.
So we're not doing that whole Thursley for this particular app.
I'm going to start by getting rid of the read granted field and if you recall we had that right at the
top.
So I'm going to comment that Alan 1:26 that's a consequence of that we now know I'm going to set that
value here.
So I'm going to come at that at remembering that that was one of those commenting that out you know
forget it to the on request permission was out and to this function here on Long 91 we need to remove
all references now to write grant.
So let's say that I want I'm going to do firstly is I'm going to take a copy of this law and I'm going
to come at that and I'm going to remove the part of the copy that was actually going to sign the value
to be granted and we're going to comment out the true and the false because we no longer need that anymore.
There's been no discussion an explicit call they were not basically citing state that we're saving the
state of that.
All right.
Now on that we can change the condition in the Fabs on curriculum.
So let's go back up and do that.
And he's our Cardiff's telling on 1:46.
So I'm basically going to comment out that line and replace it with and if he is if parentheses context
compact dot check self permission that in parentheses described to me this comma is going to be read
on the spot contact's one right parentheses and that's equal to package manager got permission for granted
closing parentheses and at left.
Kelly Brice to make that law valid now.
Now we'll talk a bit more about what we've done later.
But first let's let's actually check and say that this works.
So I'm going to stop this and we're going to get back to our emulator.
I will delete this app again will uninstall.
I want to do the same testing we did previously.
Let's go ahead and do that.
To run it again.
Bring the latter up
right.
So we're at the same position we were previously when we started testing in the last video.
So our first test is to deny access.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Mission with.
We still got the snack bar still comes back and if we come back and click on grant access that works
as it can say and you can say we've got a call showing here.
And request permission was called there as you can see I can click on this Tom the box I'll check that
and click on deny access again.
Permission refuse appears again in the lockout which we would expect and we can tell if the fab again
would grant access showing you click on that and we get taken to the settings.
So that's good that's working.
OK.
Now what I would do first is I'll click and we'll use the back button to come straight back with that
running Access.
That takes us back to our code and click on the fap again.
It's still requesting access and taking it back to the settings.
Hopefully my click on access.
It does so that's working.
If we go into the settings but don't grant access then the app still can't access the context which
is correct.
But click on the grant access slinky getting a compact first.
I could have FEBE I can Productus again this time I go into permissions this time I'll check or select
the contacts permission to give us access to that and never get back to the app by clicking on back
a few times.
Tap the fab and you can now say we immediately have got access to our contacts.
So that's now working fine.
Now that we've removed the site within our application or we're moved citing that site.
All right so I'm going to finish the video here in the next one.
We're going to talk a bit more about tastes and how it's a good idea to create test scripts to make
sure that you're covering all possible situations.
So see you in the next video.